[CPT-1480] Prevent multiple Select from closing when search was clicked (#4101)
toptal/picasso: .changeset/friendly-avocados-unite.md

---
'@toptal/picasso': minor
---

> - select input no longer closes when it is multiple and its search input has been focused

Reviewer: What do you think about rephrasing it a bit?

```suggestion
- select input no longer closes after searched option is selected (when select works in multiple values mode)
```

Author: Sure.

---
'@toptal/picasso': minor
---

- select input no longer closes after searched option is selected (when select works in multiple values mode)

> - select input no longer reset the search input when an option is selected (when select works in multiple values mode)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- select input no longer resets the search input when an option is selected (when select works in multiple values mode)
```
